 So, like, what's your favorite book or like movie? Um, so I don't, I haven't read an actual story or like a book book in a while. Um, but recently I've read like the alchemist. I don't know if you've heard of it. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, what do you think of it? I haven't finished it yet. I'm still like in the middle of, but. I mean, I think I read it a few years ago. So, like, I don't remember every detail, but I remember that like it was philosophical. And like, I, I'm like found some coast that like resonated. Um, I remember that I took some notes from that book, like from a, like, from a not from my personal book. I mean, um, so like life lessons kind of thing. Okay. That's cool. That's dope. Um, yeah. Um, it seems very philosophical. I mean, I've, I got it from old high school teacher. And he said that in the mail. So it was very nice to see that. Um, but yeah, I'm not. Don't really read as many books. I do watch a lot of movies and TV shows. Um, what movies are you into? Um, like my, my favorite movie is Harry Potter. Like I really like Harry Potter. And I read the read the books when I was a child, but like, you know, watching the movies and I like when I got bored or just like, when I felt like I want to watch it again. Um, so like, it's my favorite from also I didn't like a lot of the musical. Um, the what? Do you know that's? I'm not too sure. I know that I know definitely know how you feel about Harry Potter. Sure. Um, because similar to me, I like also read the books that Harry Potter like third, fourth grade and then I'm watching the movies, getting a Lego set for them for my birthday. Like, um, it was, I enjoy Harry Potter a lot. And it's always like, um, like you said, it's like the field and movie. If you want to watch it in your free time or something, you just put it on and start watching it. Um, yeah, I guess like similar Harry Potter, like there's those big blockbuster cash money movies like. Um, the Marvels Avengers and then Star Wars and then a bunch of Disney movies like. Um, I know I always watched Reddit, to me. Or over the hedge robots. A monster zinc, like, incredible. All these kind of good movies that. It's good entertainment all the time. Also, I like shake and I say. Mm hmm. Shrek and I say you're really good ones too. Um, it's weird saying that when you're older too. It's like you see a lot of jokes that you didn't realize were in them, especially Shrek. Yes. Wow. Thanks. I don't like social jokes as well. So like, and like when I watched the child, I can catch them. And I watched it again. Here I go. Like, I was like, Oh, okay. Yeah. Wow. It's not as innocent as I thought. I mean, I feel the same way with, um, music. Because when music is like, like, I don't know growing up, I listen to a lot of people. And he was always on the radio. And I was like, wow, that's what it's actually about. I thought he was just wanting to have a good time, but. Right. The hotel room is different. So, you know, it's like. Different meetings start to realize it, but. It's still entertaining, just as it was. Yeah. Yeah. Do you watch a lot of TV shows along with movies? Um, I watched a, how I met her mother. I like, you know, like, I know she was like, I was like, She's like, she's like, I'm like, I'm just like, you know, I'm just like, She's like, I'm just like, I'm just like, why is it really? Um, Regiton, the Queen Scambits. Okay. Yeah. What about you? Uh, I feel like my TV shows are very on the opposite side. Where I watched like the boys. I don't know if you've heard of it. The Amazon. It's very like graphic. Superhero. just everything over stimulation. But it's fun. What else do I like? I watch a lot of Japanese shows like anime and stuff too. And just like a bunch of international TV shows too. Because it's fun to see different cultures and what's their mainstream media. So that's interesting to me too. I think I haven't watched anime before. I usually watch what I find on Netflix. And I just think I don't try to find any other source much. Like you do with international TV shows. I mean, obviously growing up, it's like you're looking at one area in Netflix. But then you start to branch out and you see like differences of what cultures find as normal entertainment versus like what? On the Western civilization, you find there's normal entertainment. So it's very cool to see. I know a lot of hype has been around. I don't know if you heard attack on Titan. But it's like another anime that's like massive right now. So I would recommend that one. But that's also very, can be very graphic too. So I don't know. Yeah, I feel like my sense of media is really one side. Like the races and the TV shows and like the storyline. Like since I'm just like using one broadcast, like I'm just watching from Netflix most of the time. Like there's a lot of similarities among them. So like I do find it as a like do you want to like branch out or is it just you're fine with what it is or? Actually, I would like to like reach out. But like during the school time, it's hard to do that. It's just easier to open Netflix and like it's my comfort zone. Like yeah, just like I'm just I don't know. It's easier to do that other than just trying to find other any other shows because I always have hard time finding it. Like for example, if I wanted to watch a movie, I sometimes spend a couple of minutes or sometimes half an hour to just like try to find the movie that I'm on the watch. So instead of that, like I open and continue to show the time already. I've been watching it's easier. Yeah, I definitely feel that we start looking for a movie at 6.30. We don't find a movie till 10.30. Like it's always that case. Yes. Like you just want to switch, what's worth our time? And the end is only no movie that playing. But yeah, I definitely agree. A lot of times it's very hard to watch something during like school. And when stuff kicks out. So I guess like another term of entertainment would be like music. You know, it's not on music because that's like something you can do while you're doing schoolwork. Actually, like I can't listen to music while I'm studying. It just distracts. But like I like listening to music. For example, while I'm trying my hair or like while I'm cleaning my room. Like and I think I mostly listen to pop music. I also like listening to Beyonce, Keira, like some songs. Yeah. Because I realize that like when I listen to some songs, I feel also a little bit down. So like when I want to listen to music, I just try to hype myself up by like it's a more like energetic songs. What about you? I kind of listen to like everything all over. I'm doing homework. I listen to more like R&B like chill. When I'm with like people outside, I'll listen to like pop music rep. And then you got your dance like Latina, Latin hop. And then like Afro beat sometimes. And so and then like this weekend, we went to the Diwali celebration and we listened to Indian music there like Bollywood music. So it's kind of all over the place. So I guess it's just very dependent on what I'm doing and what my mood is. Yeah. But I guess I feel like sentiment when you said like you can't figure out music to like listen to when you're studying. That's a very hard thing to figure out. But yeah, I think for me, it's just like the chill more relaxed music is what I can listen to as in background noise while I'm doing the work. Actually like like it's easier to focus on my work when I and listen to the music at the same time. Well, I'm doing math or like something stem related. But like for example, if I'm writing a paper that's almost impossible for me to just like focus on the paper and listening and listen to the music at the same time. That's a good topic as well. Yeah, that's fair because I think with the lyrics involved while you're writing, it's like over simulation, but math is numbers and x plus y plus z, you know, so you can listen to music and do that. Oh,