 Okay, so for today's study, you'll be having a couple of conversations about different topics, and I'll give you the topic for each conversation right before you start. Please try to stay on topic on very closely related topics while you're talking. Okay, let's get started with the first conversation. The next 10 minutes. I'll discuss your opinion on should people with criminal records be allowed to vote. Please stay on the topic or I'm very closely related topics. Try to convince each other of your opinion. I'll let you know when 10 minutes are up. I mean, I personally think that they should be allowed to vote. My biggest reason behind that would be that, like, people could have very minor things on their criminal record and still not be allowed to vote and I don't think that's okay or they can be wrong. They choose to do something and then not be allowed to vote for the rest of their life. So that's not right. Especially since there can't be like 100% certain with any criminal trial that a person actually did their case that started. I think it's very situational. I totally understand that point. I think it depends. Like, is it, are they just not allowed to vote while in jail or prison or that like, is it taken on for their whole life? I think that's a good point. I see voting as a privilege that can be taken away. So I can kind of see where like kind of is borderline like, oh, maybe, you know, you did something bad. I mean, I think that's a good point. I think it's not that important. I think it's important to party or punishment. You can't vote or whatever in the next section, but I do understand that, you know, you, as a citizen, you have the right to vote. So like, it's kind of also very important. So I don't know. I don't really have a strong opinion either way, I guess. I think it's a good point to even consider that like, they could be allowed to vote even while in jail. I feel like while you're institutionalized, you're kind of like separated from the outside world and politics anyways. So I guess I also really want to strongly do you know whether they should be able to go while institutionalized because like, to start to agree with what what their people are voting on doesn't really apply to them while they're institutionalized. Because they're sort of living under the laws of the institution instead. But yeah, like I, I agree. I feel like it does depend on severity of like what you were, what you're in jail for. Like, if it's a marijuana offense, like I feel like there's no reason why you should be able to vote for the rest of your life. But you know, if it was like a more serious murder charge than I feel like I do agree that voting is a privilege that me and that key should be taken away. Yeah, I agree the severity of the keys is kind of a very different. So like, how do you monitor that. So I think too, like you were talking about that like, it doesn't really apply to them, considering that they are being, you know, under an institution rather than in the society that they're voting for, like how informed would they be voting just because I know Right, and I really appreciate with what they are voting against a body state. And in fact, sadly, I really appreciate all those guys and you know how the bellows, you know, in multiple ways is based on people who need to get to those institutions and doing things ignorantly but that the fact that there are limited resources while in those institutions. So like are they able to like, understand fully what each candidate is presenting or going for, or is it just like I guess to counter even my own point, because I would say very similar things that a part of me is also like, well, there are a lot of people who are institutionalized and still vote and have literally no idea what's going on. So I feel like that's also something to consider. But I feel like maybe the exception to, well, you're institutionalized, it's like if there are any laws pertaining to criminal justice, maybe they should be allowed to vote on those particular laws, because that's something they do have in very vested interest in. And like, since they are the people who are actually experiencing it, like they have more like information on it than anyone else would. Yeah, that's actually a really good point. I didn't think about it. It's like what you're actually voting for. Like that's kind of a very broad question. So like you're right, it could be voting for like a politician, but it could also be voting for certain like clauses or stances to be revised or new rules. So like that totally piece of law sense. Yeah. I guess like going off of that, like another thing you don't have to think about is like if like it's an election and by the time they get out, like they would be like if it was for president, for example, and like by the time they're out and on the roll, like it would be an administration, like should they be able to vote like for president while they're institutionalized because like they're going to be released like by the time they begin stuff like that. Like I don't really have an exact answer from that, but I just feel like that's another thing to consider. It's like the timeline of when they're going to be affected by the elections they're not allowed to vote in. So you guys still have about five minutes left. And right now we're going to switch topics. So your new question is, should people be able to video record strangers in public? You have about five minutes left. I feel like that's, it's a really tough question, especially with like the prevalence of social media and like Snapchat and all that different kind of things. Cause like I want to say no and that's not right. But also like I know I've probably done it myself and not even realized it. I definitely think people need to be more conscious of that than they actually are. I feel like we like take videos of our friends while in public and there are lots of other people in the background and we just like don't really think about it. But yeah, I would, I don't know. I guess I would lean towards no, but I feel like in practice that's actually kind of hard. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like it's important for you to kind of be self aware of like how your actions may be perceived by others, especially because usually not 100% of the time, but usually what's recorded is like pretty accurate representation of what's actually going on in events. That's not always the case. I feel like there's every once in a while, kind of like one of those like weird situations where what's actually going on in a video is like not what's happening. But I do think it's kind of like important for people to understand that they can't just like go willy-nilly and just like not, no one's saying like not behave, but like do things that they wouldn't normally, I guess, just because they're not on camera, like I don't know. Yeah, yeah, I just feel like I agree with you. I feel like when we do like choose to film people on public like it should be for like a specific reason like for example, like they're like security cameras or for like people's protection and like are used in a lot of criminal trials and stuff. And I think they can be very beneficial, but I think we just have to be mindful when we implement them like how like how much are we filing people's privacy. Like another good example is like psychological studies like there are studies that video too, people like just really subserve people when they're just like in their natural environment, like in the grocery store and whatever they can have like really good insights on food behavior. But like they always contain consent at least before or after. So I think like that's a good like the idea of informed consent should really apply to like to keep like videotaping people. Like do they know they're being videotaped? Like a security camera like walking to a bank like you know that you're going to be like on camera somewhere. Like I like it should only mean situations where people sort of know that, you know, that they're being washed essentially. Kind of drive is the line of like what's public versus what's private and what's deemed a public space versus what's deemed a private space. And even that can change just like socially too. Like if you're in a private setting with a whole bunch of people like does that make it a public space for then it's okay to film someone. Yeah, I think it's kind of like one of those things where a lot of good things have come out from videotaping strangers. I think like especially with like the police point in being able to kind of film that provides more of a solid evidence versus the means that you have people that like videotape like quote unquote Karen's just to like arrange them further to the situation and to like more destructive state. So your point about intentionality I think behind videotaping is also really key and kind of, I don't know, deciding whether it's a good thing or a bad thing. No, I agree. That was like a point with like people videotaping like essentially like Karen being crazy and it just kind of like, it doesn't really help anything. Like I mean holding the person accountable is beforehand but also if you're just like videotaping someone just to like embarrass them or like essentially ruin their life because like, you know, they're gonna, their name is going to be somewhere like someone's going to recognize them and then like they might lose their job and stuff like that. Like I feel like that can be really harmful. So yeah, I do think like intention is really important. And. Thank you guys. Okay, you guys, this time is up. So before you have the next conversation you'll just need to answer a few questions. So please move back to the computer and navigate back to the survey and answer the three questions. Once you have done that, you can navigate back to the Zoom window and let me know as soon as you're done by just sitting back down in the blue chair.