 Okay, so for today's study, you'll be having a couple of conversations about different topics, and I'll give you the topic for each conversation right before you start. Please try to stay on topic on very closely related topics while you're talking. Okay, let's get started with the first conversation. The next 10 minutes. I mean, I personally think that they should be allowed to vote. My biggest reason behind that would be that. Like, people could have very minor things on their criminal record and still not be allowed to vote and I don't think that's okay, or they can be wrong. They can do something and then not be allowed to vote for the rest of their life. And I feel like that's not right, especially since there can't be like 100% certain with any criminal trial that a person actually did their or they just not allowed to vote while in jail or prison or that like, is it taken on for their whole life? I think that's a good point. I do kind of see voting as a privilege that can be taken away. So I can kind of see where like kind of is borderline like, oh, maybe, you know, you did something bad therefore it's party or punishment, you can't vote or whatever in the next section, but I do understand that, you know, you as a citizen, you have the right to vote. So like, it's kind of also very important. So I don't know. I don't really, I was strong opinion either way, I guess. No, I agree. And I guess I wasn't thinking of like when they were in jail. I guess I kind of, to even consider them like they could be allowed to vote even while in jail. I feel like while you're institutionalized, you're kind of like separated from the outside world and politics anyways. So I guess I also really want to strongly note whether they should be able to vote while institutionalized because like, to a certain degree, what, what their people are voting on doesn't really apply to them while they're institutionalized because they're sort of living under the laws of the institution instead. But yeah, like I, I agree. I feel like it does depend on the severity of like what you were, what you're in jail for like if it's a marijuana offense like I feel like there's no reason why we should, we should be able to vote for the rest of your life, but you know, if it was like a more serious murder charge then I feel like I do agree that voting is a privilege that me and that key should be taken away. Yeah, I agree the severity of the keys is kind of a very different. So like, how do you monitor that? I think too, like you were talking about that like it doesn't really apply to them, considering that they are being, you know, under an institution rather than in the society that they're voting for, like how informed would they be voting just because I know not personally, but that the fact that there are limited policies while in this institution so like are they able to like understand fully what each candidate is, you know, presenting going for or is it just like they're disvoting for a name that they don't really know what the policies are behind. I mean, I guess like to counter even like my own point because I would say very similar things that like a part of me is also like well, there are a lot of people who are institutionalized and still vote and have literally no idea what's going on. So I feel like that's also something to consider. But I feel like maybe the exception to like, well, your institutionalized is like if there any laws pertaining to like criminal justice, maybe they should be allowed to vote on those particular laws because that's something that's very vested in person. And like since they're the people who are actually experiencing it like they have more like information on it that anyone else would. Yeah, that's actually a really good point. I didn't think about it. It's like what you're actually voting for like that's kind of very a broad question. So like you're right, it could be voting for like a politician but it could also be voting for certain like causes or stances to be revised or new rules so like that totally makes a lot of sense. I guess like going off about like another thing you don't have to think about is like if like it's an election and by the time they get out like they would be like if it's for president for example and like by the time they're out and on parole like it would be an administration like should they be able to vote like for president while they're institutionalized because like they're going to be released like by the time they begin stuff like that. I don't really have an exact answer from that but I just feel like that's another thing to consider. It's like the timeline of when they're going to be affected by the elections they're not allowed to vote in. So you guys still have about five minutes left and right now we're going to switch topics. So your new question is should people be able to video record strangers in public. You have about five minutes left. It's a really tough question, especially with like the prevalence of social media and like SACCHI and all that different kind of things because like I want to say no and that's not right but also like I know I've probably done it myself and not even realized it. I definitely think people need to be more conscious of it than they actually are. I feel like we like to videos of our friends while in public and there are lots of other people in the background and we just like don't like think about it. But yeah, I would. I guess I would lean towards you know but I feel like in practice that's actually kind of hard. I don't know. I feel like it's important for you to kind of be self aware of like how your actions may be perceived by others, especially because you usually not 100% of the time but usually what's recorded is like pretty accurate representation of what's actually going on in events. And I think that's always the case that you know I feel like there's every once in a while kind of like one of those like weird situations where what's actually going on in a video is like not what's happening. But I do think it's kind of like important for people to understand that they can't just like go willy nilly and just like not. Not behave but like do things that they wouldn't normally I guess just because they're not on camera like I don't know. Yeah, yeah I agree with you. I feel like when we do like choose to film people on public like it should be for like a specific reason like for example like they're like security cameras or for like people's protection and like are used to a lot of criminal and I think they can be very beneficial but I think we just have to be mindful when we implement them like how like how much are we filing people's privacy. And so I think that's a good idea of informed consent should really apply to like to keep like videotaping people like to keep like videotaping people like to do it. Like they always contain consent at least before or after. So I think like that's a good like the idea of informed consent should really apply to like to keep like videotaping people like do they know they're being videotaped like a security camera like to a bank like you know that you're going to be like on camera somewhere like I like it should only mean situations where people sort of know that, you know, that they're being washed essentially. So I think that's a good idea of what's going on. So I think that's a good idea of what's going on. Kind of drives the line of like what's public versus what's private. And what's deemed a public space versus what's deemed a private space. And even that can change just like socially to like you're in a private setting with a whole bunch of people like does that make it a public space for then it's okay to film someone. And then one of those things where a lot of good things have come out from the videotaping straighters I think like, especially with like the police point and being able to kind of film that and it provides more of a solid evidence versus even then you have people that like videotaped like quote unquote Karen's just to like, enrange them further to the situation and to like more destructive say. So your point about intentionality I think behind videotaping is also really key and kind of, I don't know, deciding whether it's a good thing or a bad thing. So I think that's the point with like people videotaping like essentially like Karen being crazy and it just kind of like, it doesn't really help anything like I mean holding the person accountable so if you're just like videotaping someone just so like if there's like, essentially ruin their life because like, you know, they're gonna their name is going to be somewhere like someone's going to recognize them and then like they might lose their job and stuff like that like I feel like that really harmful. So yeah, I do think like intention is really important. And thank you guys. Okay, you guys, it's time is up. So before you have the next conversation, you'll just need to answer a few questions. So please move back to the computer and navigate back to the survey and answer the three questions. Once you've done that, you can navigate back to the zoom window, and let me know as soon as you're done by just sitting back down in blue chair.