 I'm a new girl. Okay, I watched new girl. Yeah. I wouldn't say it's my favorite. I know. I kind of have like one of those like, and not unbiased, or not biased, but it's like one of those opinions where everyone thinks it's so funny. And I don't really find the humor in it. Like sometimes okay, but then other times like, I don't know. I don't find it as funny as like other people find it funny. It's a joy. I do like that. I understand that. I feel like I've just watched this many times where I guess just become like my comfort show. Like at one point I found it really funny even though it's just like, it's something I can watch and I know like everything that's gonna happen. And she's so funny. Yeah, I also really like, like all those like related type shows like Parks and Rec and the Office and Brooklyn Nine Nine. I'm gonna go watch the movie. I've seen Parks and Rec. I love Parks and Rec. Personally, the Office I've seen, it's kind of, I don't know, it's okay. Like it's funny, but it's like also like, okay. I actually haven't seen Brooklyn Nine Nine. I've seen a couple of episodes here and there, but I've like never watched it fully through it. Although I know like everyone that I've talked to is like, love to cook the best show ever. But having gotten around to it. Like what movie's too much? Recently I've been into like documentaries on Netflix. I don't know, I've had a good way to pass the time. I just actually recently watched the, like Britney versus Spears about like the trials of Britney Spears. I don't know why it was just like on Netflix. Oh, this is interesting. Other than that, I usually don't watch TV or movies that often. But I feel like I tend to go to like the classics of my all time favorite is like, Forrest Gump. I love Tom Hanks and would watch any movie events. Miracle obviously, I play hockey. So I feel like that's almost every hockey player is like, go to a movie. Actually, yeah. Top Gun. Yeah. I don't know, what do I mean? Yeah, I mean, I feel like I haven't like watched movies in the wild, but my family's really big into like Marvel and all those movies. So those are like kind of some of my favorites. And it's honestly like it's, I feel like it's more just like something we would do it as a family. Like I don't even know if I actually liked them. It's just like something that was like forced. So I never watched them since I was a kid, which is really nice. But other than that, I don't know. I feel like I watched a lot of like action movies. Like, I don't know. I don't know, like mission impossible. There's like some stuff like that. Casino Royale, like for James Bond, like the casino royale is really good. It's classic. Trying to think of what it is. Yeah. It feels funny. I've like never really seen any of the Marvel movies. So like, I already always talked about them. I don't know why I've watched them. I just, I know, I do it. I gotta like watch them in like order or whatever. But exactly. It's tough. Like if you have to start watching them like 10 years ago, it's so hard to like start now. I'm feeling tired. I messed up us a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, there are also like Disney movies that like I'll watch sort of like also like. What's your favorite name and name? I really love the Incredibles. Okay. I think Embers New Groove is hilarious. Like I still laugh at it. Yeah, watch it. What about you? I also like Embers New Groove. That's a good one. I like Toy Story. I honestly like all of them. Toy Story. Toy Story is not Disney is it? Isn't it Pixar? Oh, it's Pixar. Yeah, you're right. I do it live. Unpopular, Disney and I still think Frozen is better than Moana. You think what's better than Moana? Frozen? Frozen? Yeah. Okay. I can say I'm green, but I do enjoy both movies. So, understandable. It was really good. Yeah. I really like to go on on. I'm going to say that a bit more. But I honestly really like Frozen too. What's the question? Wait, what's the question? Just based off movies and TV shows there was an all aspects of entertainment. You don't remember? I think it was all entertainment. Okay. Do you have any particular interests in music? Yeah. Yeah. I really like Maggie Rogers. Okay. Those are like my big two. I also really like this band called The Backstreet Lovers. But they don't have blossoms. Who are you? I'm kind of in the, I guess, yeah, I'm the same. I really like Matt Mason. I don't know, Mumford and Sons, obviously. Oh, I love Mumford and Sons. Yeah. So, I guess like that, but it's pretty much. But I think I listened to like a good variety. I agree. I feel like I mostly listened to like either indie or like alternative, but then like, I don't know, I feel like some pop will like sneak into there. Like, I do really like Harry Styles and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. Do you watch any sports? Um, yeah. I mean, I honestly enjoy watching hockey and feel like I watch that the most. Um, I also enjoy watching field hockey because I played it as well, but I don't watch it as much. Um, I love watching the Olympics, literally any part of the Olympics, summer or winter. I think every event is like so entertaining. Um, yeah. How are you? Yeah, I also love the Olympics. I love watching gymnastics and like track and field and like swimming. I would say the big things that I watch in Olympics. Um, I watch like football and baseball occasionally, but I'm not like, I want to consistently. Um, but yeah, I would say the biggest sports washing is during the Olympics. Yeah. Yeah. I also watch football with baseball, but yeah, like I said, not religiously. I don't follow any team specifically. So I'm not one of those like religious. Ah, I got to down her Sunday night football or whatever. Yeah. It's not just like if it's on a wash and pay attention. Yeah. If other people are really into it then I'll be like, okay. Yeah. I don't read that much. I don't know. Talk about. Um, you guys can also talk about books. Oh, books. Okay. Um, I don't read that much. I read a lot outside of school recently. Um, one of my favorite books that I read a really long time ago was the book. Okay. Yeah. That was a really good book. Um, I don't know. Like growing up, I read all of the Harry Potter books of course. Um, yeah, I'm terrible. I never read them. That's okay. That's okay. Um, yeah. I also read like Percy Jackson and like those kind of books too. I was growing up. Yeah. I didn't read Percy Jackson. I feel like I really missed out on like the whole. Book thing as a child. I was never really like forced to read, I guess, or enjoyed reading. So I just never read. Um, do only everything I read that like everybody else read. There's like the magic tree house. And then after that, I just. I don't even remember my favorite type of book. I feel like it's been so long since I really enjoyed reading a book. Yeah. Just. So I got to cut it in here. Um, you guys, this time is up before you have your next conversation. You will just need to answer a few questions. So please move back to the computer, navigate back to the survey and answer the three questions. Once you've done that, you can navigate back to the zoom window and let me know as soon as you're done by coming back to the blue chair.