 I guess maybe just to start broadly, like what are your favorite forms of like consuming entertainment? I mean, music, like I listen to a lot of music. It's like movies. I don't really watch a lot of TV, honestly, but I like some TV shows. And yeah, where are you? For me, it's like definitely like before college, like a lot of video games, but since getting to college more, it's more like social media and like occasionally like TV movies and then definitely a good bit of music as well. So I guess what kind of music do you listen to? Cause I feel like you can probably find something and comment there. Yeah. Okay, well like a lot. So I mean, like mostly like rap and like I think that's been like some, some like indie, some kind of like, not country, but also like some Latin music. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, so just like, like popular like rap songs and like old, like old, like old, I thought too. What are you? Yeah. No, that lines up for me. Like, um, I mean, for instance, I like, I went to, um, you said it indie, like a bit of indie, right? Well, but yeah. This is more like indie pop kind of stuff, but I went to the Clara concert in Boston the other night. So I don't know if you listen to Clara at all, but. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. Who would you like, who would you say you listened to more and like rap and stuff? Like, especially with like newer rap? Uh, I mean, like, there's like different, I was like, like, young boy and like, co-i-art and like, oh, that's it. And like, also like, I don't know. I've been like a really big family. I feel like a long time. That's really cool. That's awesome. Yeah. You listen to Tyler? I listen to a bit of Tyler. I feel like I feel like I could be more like, I feel like I could be much like, much better, like, not educated, but like, I've been like more knowing about like his stuff and like more like, but into it, but I definitely like, I'm like, I know about like his stuff and I've listened to a lot of his stuff and I have enjoyed it. Like, I really, like this is like, I don't know. I feel like a lot of like diehard Tyler fans, possibly you included my like, like not like me for this, but I feel like I'm most like flower boy and like, Igor and. Yeah. And yeah, I don't know. I feel like I know a lot of people like disagree with that and like wolf or whatever, you know. Well, I mean, people that, yeah, people are like annoying about it. It's like, that's stupid. Yeah. I was like, I love Frank Ocean and I love Kanye, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. I think with the whole Kanye's like the drama, I feel like I just choose to ignore a lot of that, like in terms of like enjoying his music. I mean, obviously like, it's something that needs to pay attention to and like, maybe he needs help honestly, but like, you know, I think like, because I think he has like a lot of like, yes, men in his corner, basically, that are like, allowing this kind of behavior to like, become public, but I don't know. Overall, I mean, just like enjoy the music. I feel like I kind of just like choose to ignore a lot of that kind of stuff. Yeah. Do you think like separate the artists from like their creation or whatever? I mean, I think in that circumstance, yes, I think it's certain circumstances. It's hard to do that. If someone did something like if people do things to like, that are just such like a far extended sometimes hard to do that. But I feel like, I don't know, it's hard to do that just like across the board, because there are certain like artists that like, I just enjoy their music so much that it's really hard for me. Like, you know, prioritize like my moral qualms with them. Like, like one instance of that, which is like a pretty crazy instance, because what the guy did, but like take a, I don't know a lot of his music. He's just like, really still really nice to listen to, even though he literally like murdered someone. Yeah. You know, it's like, you know, it's something you can really, I don't know if you know, take it off, but like, I mean, he's like literally, I think he's literally serving a life sentence. If I, you know, if I remember correctly. Yeah. So. But I don't know. It's like, it's hard though. What do you think about like separating art and artists? Yeah. I mean, I do that like with Kanye's question is like, it's hard to defend it, but it's like, it's, it's so much pitch. And like, with like future to like, you know, like preaches like. I don't know. He has so many kids, he just like doesn't take care of it. It's just a terrible father, but like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say, definitely like the, you know, there was all those memes. I forget exactly what it was, but you know what, like the, like format of what it was, but it was like, you know, calling him like, you know, like CEO of Masakhini and shit, which is just like, definitely like poking fun at it. And then it was also like the people who are like creating and consuming those steps and memes are the same people are like listening to this music. So it's like really. Commonation. Yeah. I guess maybe to like pivot to movies, because I haven't seen that many movies recently. But I definitely have seen it. I've seen a couple that I really enjoyed. Like, I really enjoy the new Spider-Man movie, which is obviously very like mainstream, but I don't know. I really like that. Right as it came out, because my friend like dragged me to it. Yeah. But I really, I really like super like knowledgeable about like Marvel and stuff. Yes. I was like the first Marvel, or I don't know if it was the first Marvel movie, but like, I just don't want to. So I was kind of confused, but just like. Like I. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Like I've seen a couple more movies. Besides that, but that was it. And I don't really know a lot about like the whole world besides like, you know, like popular culture, like memes and stuff, you know, like end game and stuff like that. Like I know certain things because of like. The way that like social media portrays them, but like I haven't actually like seen a lot of that stuff and like. Thought about it, you know, like I saw like one Thor movie, you know, and then. I saw, you know, I saw Spider-Man and I think I seen like one other Marvel movie that I saw. And then one other Marvel movie besides that before seeing that Spider-Man movie. So. Yeah, that was definitely like a big. Like thing to like not know what I was what was happening really. And I'm kind of going into the same thing with a DC movie today. I'm going to go see Batman with my friend. My friend, my friend, my friend, we're dragging me to that. Yeah. Yeah, I want to see that. It's like these people realize the little Easter eggs are like the things that like. The patterns that they put in all their movies, but like whatever. Yeah, for sure. And so it's like three hours. I don't know. I don't know what's going to go on in that movie, but I think I'm hoping it's good. It's supposed to be decent. So. Yeah. I used to be like a huge Batman family. Really. Yeah, I like listening to your own movies. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you were bigger into Batman than any other like Superman or any other like superhero stuff. Yeah. I was a younger, but I was like really. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know how that came about? That's like interesting to me. He said like he's never seemed like like the coolest or like the most like standout like one to me. Yeah. I think it was just like all of his like all the like gadgets and shit like battlefields like so since. Yeah. You just had all the coolest like like the bat like stars. Like through like the suit suits. Yeah. For sure. I don't know. I like never got into superheroes. My like when I was a kid like for me, it was like a lot of like. I was big into like Harry Potter and like Percy Jackson. And like Star Wars. Those are like my big three. Like that. Like stars. You've never seen Star Wars. Like not really. I think I've seen like one of them or something. I mean, I think that like it definitely gets it's like it gets so much hype and I think that it's definitely not for everyone for the amount of hype it gets. But you know, I feel like certain people like it definitely like candy boring at times, you know, for some people like I know. But like, you know, with like the first the first three movies as in like first three episodes, not first three ones that were released. But like overall, I don't know, I feel like it's just something that's like worth watching at like one point in your life because like for some people it's like. So interesting and like really like it's such a big draw and I feel like it's like worth it to try it. Yeah, I mean, it definitely it's like kind of huge impact on like top culture. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Like I, and the thing is too like I got interested in it. Like not even by watching the original movies like the first movie I ever watched was episode one, not episode four, which is like. Episode one's the fourth one ever released. I don't know how much you know about like the way that they were came out. Like the like the three original movies that came out like they were a trilogy. I mean they've released all the movies as trilogy but it was a trilogy but in terms of like the way that it works. Promologically in that universe. It's the first three movies that are released are actually like movies four or five and six like in terms of like how the storyline progresses. And then they released one, two, three, and then they released Disney then released seven, eight, nine. Yeah. But I don't know. I feel like I feel like Disney's kind of ruined it. I feel like with Marvel they've actually done it seems like people fans are pretty happy with that what they've done with Marvel but I think with Star Wars people want me to like what they've done. I don't know. I don't know. That has been different but it has been so. Yeah. I'm going to cut you guys off there times up. Before you have your next conversation you'll just need to answer a few questions. So please move back to the computer and navigate back to the survey and answer the three questions. Once you've done that navigate back to the zoom window and let me know as soon as you're done by coming back to the blue chair.