 Okay, let's get started with the last conversation for the next 10 minutes. Discuss your opinions on whether you think the legal drinking age in the US should be lowered from 21 to 18 years old. Please stay on topic around very closely related topics. Try to convince each other of your opinion. I'll let you know when 10 minutes are up. Do you have a face? Sure. I do think it should be 18 just because of like there's a lot of other things at 18 that you're able to do that like go to war, for example, like if you can go to war you should be able to like go to a bar and have a drink. And I feel like there's like a lot of other like reasonings like that. Like if you can do like all these things at 18, why wouldn't you be able to like also drink like I feel like 21 is kind of just like a random age that they put. And like I forget what it is, but like when they changed like the drinking age apparently it was like by state it's like the drinking age, whatever the president was said like that state wouldn't get certain things if you didn't have the drinking age is 21. I forget what it actually was, but I heard someone like argued out of a underage drinking violation by like using that reasoning. And I thought it was super interesting that like the country was literally like blackmailed to like make the drinking age 21. So that was interesting. I don't really know the history of it, but I don't know. I feel like mixed things, but I would say it was the normal like just because I feel like the culture in America is like a new year open stuff. I feel like there's a lot of irresponsible like drinking and since like everything you have to drive everywhere unlike places in Europe where like it's needed at a younger age, but like you don't really own the cars. And I just feel like yeah like I already drinking and driving is a problem. And I feel like 21 is like a good age as you know like I mean 18 you also know what's good and what's bad, but I feel like 21 is like you have like you're in a thought with yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. I guess it depends because I get what you're saying at the same time. I don't feel like I don't know because of the culture. Like I don't know. I think. Yeah. Yeah. No, yeah, just I feel like that culture is because of our like high higher drinking age like because like it like makes it so that like when you're drinking under 21 which is very expected for most like US under 21 people like they're just going to like end up having a drink like and if it's illegal you're most likely not going to have that drink at like in a safe space like doing under the right conditions it's most likely going to be like at a party or like you don't really know like I don't know where it came from because you can't get it yourself safely. So like it's just kind of limiting the ability to have safe drinking habits by making it illegal until you're 21 because regardless of whether like the drinking age is 18 or 21 people are going to drink. So I think having at it at 18 would make it so that there are more like safe spaces for kids to drink or I would not kids but like it just makes more sense to have it so like people can find safe ways of drinking and learning about drinking where it's not them having to hide it and it's like illegal and people are nervous about it and like doing it in the wrong ways. I feel like that point that you brought up is actually a really good point. It does make sense I know. I feel like you know what you just said about if you can't drink then you're hiding in a safe space or you don't know where you know the op came from or who it came from because it's probably something that I purchased it. That makes a lot of sense you know like that's why I would take in between because I would like it I don't know but I also feel like I feel like I don't know you need to have more responsibility when you're close to drinking. Like obviously in a college campus if you have at least that community but I feel like outside and if you go other places it's a little bit more sensitive and so I'm going to say you know. Yeah I think it's interesting like I don't know to bring up like the responsibility part like when you're older like if you're 21 you like your like prefrontal cortex is more developed whatever like you're better at decision making that makes sense. I like completely agree but then like I would think that if you're going to have the drinking age of 21 you should also not be able to like go to war until 21 you can't do this until 21. I don't know why I keep saying going to war but like that's what I just keep thinking of. That's completely irrelevant. Yeah because I feel like I've heard people say like oh you can go off and like kill people for your country but you can't return and like drink a beer to celebrate you know like it's like what responsibilities like you're allowed to have versus like not allowed to have like it's just kind of like a double standard like if you're old enough to do like hold and fire a weapon at other people like I'm pretty sure you can handle your like drinking or like you should be expected to like it's just like I don't know. No like that's it's I feel like I wasn't going to bring up the like how your brain is more developed when you like your 21 suddenly you're better at making decisions and you know it's just scientific proven but it does make sense like that the double standard does exist and like like obviously like you said like you're able to like you know own a gun or like do all those things like you should be able to um yeah I mean I don't I feel like if the age like the drinking age changes to 18 I wouldn't be like completely opposed to it like it does make sense like I mean at the end of day you are an adult but I was just referring to like I mean if you go back like when I was in teen I wasn't as mature as I am now you know so I'm only 19 so I'm like basically I don't know but like the same as when I was 18 I would say but like when I'm 21 I feel like I'll definitely be more mature but I don't know if I would like make any better choices or anything just because like it's legal I don't know. But that makes sense and I also feel like having had a 18 would like allow like I mean we'll decrease the amount of like alcohol drinking I don't know. Yeah like I feel like um I don't know like drunk driving is such a horrible issue and like there's like definitely like like there definitely needs to be things like to prevent that but like I feel like I don't know if this is wrong like a lot of drunk drivers might be like underage I don't know if that's I don't know maybe that's just like a stigma in my mind because I feel like like I hear people being stupid and being like I can drink drive like whatever but like um I feel like people do that because it's like illegal you know like people are like oh this is cool like I'm not going to do it safely because drinking is already illegal but like I mean that doesn't really make sense but like theoretically if you're drunk and you're like already like not I don't know it just like makes drinking seem like this thing that like isn't safe already when it's illegal so it's like oh I'm like like gonna be stupid tonight stuff like that I don't know like just I feel like I don't know if it would help like or anything just making it like drinking legal at a younger age would help people be like smarter about it I don't even know if that would happen but like theoretically I feel like people do make dumorous decisions since like it is like illegal and like people have to hide it like in high school people would like have to drive home from parties because like their parents couldn't know you know which I mean high schools like much younger but like you have to hide things so you have to like worse decisions that's true but I was thinking like when you're 18 you don't really know how much you're capable of drinking you know like when you're young I mean it doesn't make it better when you're older like you still don't know but um I feel like like I was talking about how like the maturity that you have like making better decisions I was mentioning I was a point to mention exceptional assault and stuff especially because you know when you're younger and like you're drinking like you think this is like I don't know I feel like it leads to a lot of things that came like too harmful to yourself you know so it's too harmful to others but yeah I guess it depends on the person too so I don't want to like generalize yeah definitely hear those things all the time maybe I'm sticking to something but um yeah I guess everybody can do anything under the influence but I was just thinking like maybe I'm wrong but if you're older like you will make better decisions and like know the capacity of like how to control yourself and etc yeah but I feel like you kind of learned that through like trial and error like people are gonna figure that out their experience which you if like I mean I don't know either way like I don't think people are gonna wait until 21 yeah those always so it's it's like you I don't know you find out younger older but like you have to figure it out eventually through like trial and error so like the like I don't know it doesn't just come to you when you're older maybe no I agree with that like I mean everybody has strength you learn how to do those things but yeah I guess it makes sense so this yeah I feel like if it does happen like they choose to eat you it could like have those in common but I really feel like since everybody's doing that already there's not going to be much yeah I feel like a big point like I just like keep thinking about it's like there would just be more safe spaces to drink if it was younger because like college like I'm not going to be 21 until I'm a senior so like in college like I'm always underage and but I'm in an environment where it's like much more dangerous I don't know there's like not any safe spaces to drink and it's like all illegal versus when like um I don't know if it was more normalized or like something that was spoken about because like a lot of the issues I feel like with underage drinking like people are just told not to do it which I guess I feel like we did have a pretty good education about it like in like orientation or whatever I guess it's definitely getting better depends where you are where you like live and stuff but like a lot of the time if you're just told not to do something like you're still going to do it and then you just won't know how to do it safely so I feel like that's an issue with having an older um drinking age but it's also just like I just find it kind of random because I think I'm really the only country with like a 21 drinking age and even like Puerto Rico which is a US territory is 18 or like depends on like the place but it doesn't make sense I feel like I mean I feel like even now that is 21 it doesn't really change like a water like I mean wrong but like statistics and stuff so I think that if it like I said like if it does change then like I feel like it can be now that you bring up those points I feel like they're very simple. Yeah I'm sorry I'm going to tell you guys off there. Time's up. Please go back to the survey and you'll answer one last step questions once you're done. I'll tell you a little bit more about the study a little bit more about what we expect to find.