 Okay, let's get started with the next conversation for the next 10 minutes discuss some things you would take with you if you knew you would be stranded on a deserted island. Let's pretend that you together could only take a shoe box worth of things. Try to find things that you both agree on and talk about why you would take them. By the end of the conversation, you should both agree on a list of items to put in your shoe box. I'll let you know in 10 minutes or. The first thing I thought of was like a pocket knife. Oh yeah, that's yeah, definitely a lighter. Those are like super small too so like we can only take this shoe box that won't take that much space. Maybe like, I don't know, like if this would even work like something that would like filter water like even like a Brita filter without even work. I guess not like salt water. Yeah, I think that's a thing. And there's also like those things that come up with like, where you like just. Yeah, the straws. Yeah, like the straws. Yeah, then yeah, I think that would be something that you'd want to bring. Maybe some rope. Like a flashlight. Grat and night I don't think a lighter would really do the job. Yeah, yeah. I think I'm going to build fires. This would be kind of big but I feel like you want like a tarp or something like water resistant. I don't know, maybe just like a small tarp that like you could either use as like shelter or like to cover like, like what we have like, like our materials or like cover like wood if like to make a fire like you don't want it to be wet and stuff. Or like to sleep on the ground. Wait, sorry. I can't really hear you. Here we go. Yes. Maybe like just like a container to like, like a little bit of water. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe like insect repellent. I don't even know if that'd be worth it at that point. No, I think so. Oh yeah sunscreen. You run out of it so quickly though. So it's like, what's the point? Oh wait, a toothbrush. I wouldn't personally I wouldn't be that worried about brushing my teeth if we were stranded on it. That's what I want. Okay, we can leave that out. Yeah, I mean, it'd be nice. I feel like. Yeah, that's not a priority. Yes. I just thought of something. I'm trying to like look around like thinking about like what I use in my daily life, but I guess it's a lot different. Well, like a tele like myself. I feel like that could be helpful. Maybe a contest because we will be like in a deserted island. So I thought that there's no feelings. Yeah. I don't know. Like there's stuff that you can like, like not. Like I can't really use my cell phone. Like anywhere, but like there's there are like some phones, right? That like you can. I don't know. Take or like more like a walkie talkie thing that might be like able to connect to like. Boat nearby. Like my dad and I when we go out. And like boats in the summer will take like he bought like this walkie talking that like will connect to like the channels of boats, like in the surrounding area. If we were lost, I feel like that could work. But also that doesn't really, I don't know if that makes sense with the context like we're planning out going to a. Island. So like are we even are we trying to get saved at that point? Like I don't know. Maybe just survival. Yeah. We just like a bag or something. Like carry stuff around and like gather food. Maybe seeds. We could like plan a little garden. Oh, yes. I feel like that's harder than it sounds. Theoretically it sounds nice. My work. Like maybe scissors. Like we have the knife, but scissors could also be used differently. Okay. Sorry. I can't hear you. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, definitely for like protection. That'd be smart. I'm not going to have a taser. What? Oh, that'd be good. Yeah. Let's make a taser. Actually, if it was like a bear, would that even like stun it? I don't know. I feel like it'd just be like kind of like, how what the heck and like continue attacking us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, so we're going to be in a deserted island. Right. There's no bears. Yeah. But we can worry about like, I don't know. Some big cats. Yeah, I don't know. So maybe pepper spray and this taser. Like double whammy. Maybe something for like entertainment. Maybe I'd like to do it. Well, I might have a lot to do, but. No, maybe I'd maybe I'd bring a book. I'd start reading. I would say like a net. Like to. Oh, that's a good one. Yeah. Yeah, and that would be good. Okay. She really compile this list so far. So like a lighter. A pocket knife. A net. He's a. He's our pepper spray. I don't like a container. Yeah, container. Maybe a tarp. Kind of big. No, I won't think about that. We can just be bored. We can find our own entertainment. I'm forgetting what else. Seeds. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I don't know what else we could do about. Yeah, I feel like food we have covered because like the net. The seeds. Yeah, lighter. So that would like we have like cooks on that and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And then like protection. We have Taser in pepper spray. Oh, we have a set of rope. Oh, yeah. If for shelter, I feel like the tarp in the rope. Maybe it would help. I know. I know. I know. I don't think half the stuff would fit in this. Yeah, so maybe not the tarp. I just keep thinking that would be like. Ideal. So you could like build a canopy. It's like leaves or something to. So water. One hot this camp. I had to build a shelter. I was like. I went to like this overnight farm school camp and we had to. I did like a survival course while I was there, not like a course, but like. Just like a subsection of the camp. And we had to just like build shelters out of like logs and sticks and like leaves and stuff. So that could work. And we wouldn't really have to bring anything. Since you have those skills. I, when I like used to do. I like to learn how to do like fires with like a stick and. Oh yeah, we, we also learned that, but I couldn't get it to work. So. Yeah. We don't be like sweating doing it for so long. Like it takes forever. And we had like the ideal, like. Circumstances, like it was literally like made to do it. Like, and. Like we didn't like find the sticks or anything. It was like, sticks that we had brought and like we used like cedar wood because it like catches easy and we like brought like. Tinder and stuff to light. I still couldn't get it. So. We also use like a mirror. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. I say we could bring a mirror, but we already have the lighter. So I feel like. I'm going to cut you guys off there. Time's up. Before you have your next conversation, you'll just need to answer a few more questions on the survey. So after you do that, please just move back into the spot that you're in.