 I just wanted to listen to, um, one of my favorite artists is Taylor Swift. Um, so like, usually I just, like, that's my go-to. And I also listened to like Harry Styles and the Lumineers, um, stuff like that. Not really much like country or rap or anything. Anyway. Um, I honestly like, like a lot of genres. Um, I do like Taylor Swift. I don't listen to her often, but I guess that can just not be in common. Um, but I also like, um, I like Drake and, um, I really like, I wish. Yeah. I just really like popular stuff. I feel like I don't really go out of my way to listen to them all the time, but I like their stuff. Yeah. Um, kind of like movies to usually watch. Um, I'm a big hair part. So I watch them. Yeah. Um, I have a lot of stuff for a while, but that was like a huge part of my childhood. Yeah. I still like them. But I also like, like, um, January's movies like John Good and all of a sudden. Yeah. Um, yeah. Um, yeah. Well, actually I did rewatch the first Harry Potter movie in the fall with my roommate, which is nice. We like set like a little projector. Um, because I don't know if they put fall one kind of gives or the first one gives like fall vibes. And we just decided to watch that, but I haven't really watched them since I was a kid. My, um, brother used to read me all the books before going to bed at night. So I feel like that was a big part of why like Harry Potter so much. But yeah, I haven't watched them recently. They're really long. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I never ended up reading them myself because my brother would do like all the voices and everything and it just like what was never the same. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All of them. When I was younger, right now I don't have time to. Yeah. Definitely. Yeah. I want to. I'm just like, so it's kind of like something that's just like, it's like annoying for me to do like I have to really like the book or like really have time to do it. But like otherwise I just don't really read much. Yeah, I definitely feel like when I was very sweet. We're now really text books. Yeah. I feel like school is kind of made reading a chore and then like now I see it as like just another task after do and then I don't actually end up like picking up free read books. Do you play like any sport. Um, I don't, I'm on like a team or anything, but I used to play a lot of basketball and high school. Um, and tennis and. Um, I like work out like a lot, just an AC and stuff, but I'm not on like a team. I used to play tennis. Oh, really? Yeah. It's fine. I miss tennis. That's, I feel like that's probably my biggest hobby like or entertainment or whatever. Um, I guess it's not really entertainment, but that's what I would do in my free time is like, like go to the gym or something. Or actually, honestly, like tick talk, I think would be probably my biggest entertainment. I'm always on tick talk if I have like a spare moment. I had to delete it. It's too addicting. It's so addicting. Time passes by. You're just scrolling and I just. My, like, I think it's like something with like the, my attention span, like something about like having such short videos to watch. Like I just like get like addicted to watching them and I can't stop. Like when I'm watching a TV show, I always have to be like doing something else. Or like I won't really pay attention or like, I'll just get bored of it. So. Tick tock's like perfect because it's like always like grabbing my attention. Like, since yeah, like it's short videos. Yeah. Really focused focus. Yeah, like caters to your, like, I don't know, like the algorithm or whatever, like, they like show you what videos I think you're going to like. And it's like, it's kind of creepy, but then I just like, I don't know, end up getting sucked down like deeper into watching them. I don't really watch much TV. Like, I don't think I've watched TV or movies at all. At school since like watching Harry Potter in the fall. I think that's like the first thing I've watched. Yeah, like everyone watched you for ya and like. Um, Brigitte just came out. All my friends are talking about that. And I just not like. What? Like, same. I don't have been watched like the trendy shows. Yeah. I should be like, everybody's talking about them. Like, oh, they should be good. Yeah. I know everyone's talking about them. And I'm just like sitting there like, I don't know what you're talking about, but. There's like a party last night, those euphoria themed and I was like, I don't even know like what that would be, but. Like, everyone just wore glitter. I was like, okay. I do like like criminal lines a lot or like the doctor and stuff like that. I don't know. Cause I like to like. When I watch a show, like I want to be obviously not real, but like, I like to think about things that happen in the world. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I really like documentaries. I don't know if that's kind of. Random, but. Like, I don't know. I'm like Netflix. I'm like looking through to find something like. Like usually documentaries will like grab my eye, like you're like murder documentaries or like. I don't know. There's one about like an octopus in the sky who like would go and visit every day. Like that was super interesting to me. I feel like those like things like I'm like learning from like I just find that so entertaining. Yeah. Interesting. I feel like some definitely like this is a weird show, but have you ever watched like live below zero. What is it? I don't know. Live below zero. It's like people have it like in like really cold areas in Alaska. It's like how they survive and so I'm especially interested in. Yeah, that sounds really interesting. I've never heard of it, but that's really cool. I also like I guess this is entertainment. I really like musicals. Like I was never really a theater kid. Like I never did play or anything, but like I love or I never did. Yeah, like I was never in the plays, but I love like listening to like Hamilton like. I don't even know hairspray. Like all those like musicals just like I find them so fun. Like I guess I listen to the music more than I watch them, but I also like enjoy watching them or watching things with music in them. Yeah. I mean like I have a lot of shows for me. Yeah, like music is usually good. Yeah. Like into the woods. I think it's another. Oh, yeah. It's a good one. Yeah. Oh, and do you have an answer? I saw that one like in. What's not in person. I don't know what it's called. Like I saw that on Broadway. Yeah. And Hamilton and I saw Wicked when I was younger, but sure. I'll like I still listen to the music all the time. I love those. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I read stuff and you're like I just write about like. Like what I like acquired from that reading. It's kind of like that. That's cool. I don't read at all. I don't think like I had. Yeah, never. I even like pick the classes where I don't really have to write as much. Just not really my thing. More like math science oriented and then like writing. Just. I don't know. Never came down to me. I think math and science. I think. I think. I think. You watch like any. Watch. Watch. What? I think I'm going to be. I think I'm going to be a little bit more. Marvel. I've seen like a good amount of them just because like. I don't know. There's so many there always coming out and people are watching them but like. I wouldn't say I'm like a huge like Marvel fan. Like I've seen all of them. Like I wanted to see Spider-Man when I just came out but I didn't end up seeing it. But I do enjoy those. Yeah. I'm so sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry guys. Yeah. I've seen like a good amount of them but they're not like something I always watch. Oh yeah. I haven't. I asked because you say people watch them a lot. I could watch you but not with really. I haven't watched Spider-Man. I should. Yeah. Yeah. I saw like. One of the earlier ones like homecoming or something. And I really enjoyed that one. I like Tom Holland as Spider-Man. Yeah. I mean I just loved them as a couple in real life so much. So like I kind of really wanted to see the recent one but didn't end up getting around to it. My parents are like. Super like strict on. COVID like going out and stuff and they just don't think like movie theaters are worth it. Even though like me and my brothers were like, oh there's no one in the theater. But like my parents really still like, no, like someone might show up. Or something it's not worth risking it. So I haven't really been out to like movie theaters and stuff. Which is weird. I wonder if like COVID's definitely going to like. Make them lose a lot of business. Everything's online now. In the beginning, I feel like when COVID hit, a lot of videos. You know, I used to like the Aimsies, which is like the New Year's. They were all closing. Yeah, they closed those down.