 That's going to be an interesting discussion because I'm also from a different college. So I guess our, our, you know, experience with like in person education is different. So I can start I'm from the College of the Atlantic, which is a much smaller college compared to call me. We are in total 350 students. And this year was the first year in person and I just finished my freshman year. So I literally went to college with in person classes during COVID. I personally loved it because it wasn't that different that how my college functions. We had to be masked. We have small classes. We have a lot of, you know, a trip compartment or like labs. So like I didn't really felt that I'm missing anything. And I really prefer being in person than having an online class. And that was the reason why I delayed going to college for a year. Personally, I'm very comfortable being in class during COVID. If the college takes good precautions. So we were having regular weekly testings of like 25% of the student. And not the student body, basically the body of the college every week. So I was feeling pretty safe and the higher number we ever reached with COVID cases was 1616. So it was pretty okay. I got COVID, but it didn't got it from my college. But still it was like, yeah, I, yeah, that's your opinion. Yeah, so I have quite a different experience because I actually wasn't in college at that time. I'm a freshman right now. So I was actually in high school. And my high school is actually like larger and more students than Colby. So there is like about 3000 students. And there's like 30 to 40 students per class. And like we, I think like our district, our like county is like one of the top five largest districts like in the United States. So when COVID like started and like, and like around March, the school decided to just like close down. Like basically stop like squat tivities. Last few weeks were just like masking up. And then we went to like full online mode. And honestly, it was, it was kind of rough because it was so abrupt. It just like it happened so quickly. And then like we just basically ended the year just like being online. And a lot of people just kind of just like lost contact, I guess. And then my training senior year was actually online too. There's just so many people like in class and then my high school is just like not that large at all. And like our classrooms are like pretty small and there's so many students. And so even when they started up like this hybrid program where like you can choose to come to school. There is only like maybe one or two people who chose to like actually go to school because our school had like a really weird schedule. Where like you went to school for like the first two periods, but then you would go back for lunch and then finish up like the rest of your classes online. And then like while you're in class, you have to be doing like the same thing as like the online students. So you basically just take out your laptop and then stare at a screen like you'd be doing at home anyways. So it really didn't feel like an in person education at all. It was basically like you're still doing online education, but you're just in a classroom. So that's why I think like many people just didn't think that it was worth like going to school and it takes me at 25 minutes like get to school. So it's like transportation and just like a whole whole bunch of factors and I just didn't think that it was worth it. But I think like in your situation like where there's like not that many people and it seems like you're still having like a pretty good experience like a normal for average like relatively normal college experience like I think that would be pretty enjoyable. Yeah. Like basically like my college was this year. But I knew that even before they weren't really having in their sunglasses it was more hybrid and that other people were very satisfied but I like drink all of it I was fully quarantining. I was growing up here and I helped with them back and back home. I'm from Greece. So we opened during summer for two decision and after we were quarantining for five months. Summer we opened back in for two years and since then I have been in US so like my coven experience has been either quarantining or the last year being in Poland so like my, my last year has been completely like this year has been pretty interesting. What about this year how was this year for you. I honestly I really enjoyed it. I think part of it is like because I was like online education and just like I just haven't been like socializing in person that much I like really wanted to. And like just coming to call me like it was such a relief just like being in person again and like talking to like people learning like sharing what's on us is to say like face to face and then like being able to like take notes and whatnot like in class. I really really did visit. Yeah. Oh, that's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Are there things that you have an experience because of online schooling. All right guys to interrupt we have going to switch topics right now. You have about four minutes left. So for the rest of the time, please discuss your opinions on do you think the legal drinking age should be lowered from 21 to 18. Please stay on the topic where I'm very closely related topics try to come in see each other up your opinions and I will let you know when time is up. My answer is yes, but also European. So for us it's legal to reach to the drinks is the age of 18 so it makes sense. Right. Doesn't make sense that you can drive at the age of 16 but not drink at three days of 21. You can ease your kill a person driving the drinking. But that's why I'm thinking what about you. So I actually don't have like a super strong opinion on this like. I honestly, I think that it's fine with like the drinking age being 21 as it is. I knew that most people get their licenses like around 18. I guess like maybe for like safety reasons because like teens like there's a high risk of like truck driving and then just like truck driving like housing accidents and whatnot. And like I think that that would be worth just keeping it at the age of 21. But I also know that people for 18 and who want to get drinks do not necessarily wait until they're 21 to get drinks like there are other ways that they can illegally get it anyways. But yeah, like the reason why I'm saying yes is because I feel that because you're not allowed to drink in the age of 21. And then you have the option option that actually option them. And then you have the opportunity to drink. You will really pass the boundary. I haven't really seen many factor people in my age. And then I see younger than the age limit. And I did make up here in Brazil. So I had a lot of US citizens in that program. And all of them, they basically did their gap year just to drink. They didn't took anything out of the gap here. They didn't really care about their host families or language or about the. We had actually like a apprenticeship there. They mostly care about part of the drinking because that was something that they couldn't do in US. And they wouldn't be able to do legally until the age of 21. So I do believe that having the freedom to do it, it allows you to, you know, don't pass the boundary. Don't get fucked up. Yeah, just drink one cup and know your limits. Yeah, yeah, no, that's very interesting. Yeah, that could definitely be like something to consider. Like, as you said, like, if it's like a bunch of people are like taking their gap year off just to drink. Like, I don't know if lowering the drinking age, like when people still do that. I'm honestly not sure. Like, maybe they would still like people when they turn 21, they like still have like their parties and everything like they get completely chunk. And that could also still happen when they're 18. Yeah, I guess it's kind of hard to say, like, predict people's.