 I don't hear any particular type of music. It really depends on my mood. So I would say mostly music, but about you. So for me, it honestly depends on my mood. I feel like there are certain times when I just want to like sit down and read like a good book. And most of the time honestly, for me music also is a good source because you can just play a song anywhere and you can find the right mood and the right feeling for it. That's nice. Yeah. Are you like a movie person or any of those? So I prefer books over like movies and shows honestly. I feel like books have a lot more depth and a lot more wall-written development. That goes like really into vivid detail and like character building and etc. But I do enjoy movies also. Just not as much. How about you? I am not really a mood person, but movies is a good way to socialize. So if like I was like, let's go see that I'm like, let's see, I have no idea what it is as far as it's not for I'm fine. I also like to read, but it's kind of hard with academics. It's it's it's hard to balance. Yeah. But yes, I see movies as a social action. Yeah, it's it's like a cultural understanding type situation. People like reference movies and I like I have no idea what you're talking about. Yeah. Do you have a favorite music genre or like movie or book? Nice. Nice. In terms of movies, I like cinema paradiso, which is an old Italian movie. Very cute. A lot of crying involved. Yeah, it's about the story of like a young mom, which fall in love with like cinema. Because like there was a small cinema in his town. So he wanted to work for it and his mother was against it. And you can see how he developed from a kid who got through working at the cinema and through learning about cinema and page and all of that. It's it's very cute. I don't know. In terms of music, I would say that I like a lot of love music, which is like more starting music, you know, you let it get background. It goes. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, honestly, I'll start with music first. I absolutely really love that. I love like honestly, I really like non lyrical music. I love like instrumental music, like soundtracks, lo-fi. I also like like Andy Rock or like Andy Pop. Yeah, like acoustic folk music. Just like I'm pretty wide variety, honestly. And then favorite movie. So that's very difficult for me. I'll say my favorite animated movie because I know that. It's like a Japanese anime type movie and it's called Machia with the Thomas flower balloons. I don't know if you've ever heard of it. It's it's sad. It's like it's like really peaceful kind. I should say he's well, it's not peaceful though. It starts off with like a dragon tearing down like the entire population of the people. Yeah, and then like the main character is like she's like she looks like a prolonged life. She's like a part of like a different race, basically. And they're like discriminated against. Yeah. Yeah. And basically like she tries to blend into society after like these people from like the kingdom, like tried and just like basically to conquer the people. I like take them like under their control. And then she basically lives like the life of her mom because she found like a baby and then she raises him. And it's just like it's a whole journey. It's a whole journey. But I would recommend watching it on Mother's Day, honestly. And have tissues have tissues and clinics. Oh, I will be living my promise. What's your favorite book? I love this question, but I hate it so much because I love to ask it and care other people's opinions, but I hate answering it. OK. Shoot. So the thing is like my favorite genre, I would say fantasy is like down just like hands down. I love fantasy. I love fantasy so much. But I want to say my favorite book at this moment is one that I recently read. And it was called Where the Crawdads See. And it's like it's it has so much inside of it. It's I think it's fiction. But it tells us like this this girl who grew up in the swamp and she's like really, really poor and like she didn't go to score anything. She didn't really have like any socialization with other people after like her mom left and then like her father was like kind of abusive. And then like all of that's why all of her siblings left because they just like kind of deal with like her father. And then so eventually like her father also left her and she was like basically alone, just like living in the swamp. But I think like she she grew really, really close to the swamp and like it became like basically her home and like her best friend as well. And it's like at the same time, it's it's so interesting because it's like it's a nonlinear timeline. And it kind of switches around. So at the beginning, like it reveals that there's like a murder and like throughout the entire bucket, solely unravels like her story, prottologically, but also like what's happening with the murder of history. And it all connects. It's like really really good. Yeah. That's that's actually like a good book. Yeah, it is. I honestly, I think I should have a couple tears. What's your favorite book? So it's a Greek book, but it exists in translation. It's called Zurbas, if I'm a mistake, and in English, which is about like the story of like the author, or at least this is how it's portrayed in a book meeting a very, you know, like because the author represents like the person like of academia, but the person he met and they went through the journey together is more of like a feeling person of let's live the moment. So it's like it's just it's like the let's say like the adventures of those two people, but from a more a philosophical scope, it has a lot of philosophy. And it's it's very cute and nice. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's not really interesting. Yeah. Like reading a lot of like philosophical kind books. And I do like it. Actually, I have the bad behavior. Like if the book is not interested for me for like the first two hours I read it, I'm never going to finish it. It's the book needs to be like making that I want to finish it in like five days. If like if it goes more, I'm never going to read it. So it's like I don't really have a lot of books that I have really enjoyed reading. I'm more of like a shorter version books person. Oh, God. Very good. Like I read the Hangar games. That was pretty good. Like I was like, yes. I don't know. Hangar games are really we need more of a fund as a book. So it's really, you know, keeping me there being like, yes. Yeah. Yeah. No, I totally do sense that. Yeah. Yeah.